---
title: "Optimization Program Manager"
date: "2018-12-30"
logo: https://we-work-remotely.imgix.net/logos/0016/0619/logo.gif
company: Uber
location: SC, California
tags:
  - FULL-TIME
  - PRODUCT
  - US ONLY
---

## What We Do

We make websites easier to use. Through a scientific method of determining which site improvements result in actual performance improvements, we replace the old way of designing sites through gut feel and management opinions with designing sites through data. Tactically speaking, clients come to us for both strategic direction and to supplement their internal teams.

## The Optimization Program Manager

As an Optimization Program Manager at Cro Metrics, you would work with our Product Managers and Optimization Strategists to execute successful web experimentation and personalization for a diverse group of clients. You are a natural leader and keep external and internal stakeholders informed through our engagements. You help shepherd A/B/n tests from concept through launch, respond to client requests and keep team members accountable for follow-ups and action items. Program Managers enable our Product Managers to focus on building client strategies, data and results analysis, insights/iteration and ideation.

- Managing status agendas, scheduling, taking meeting notes and distilling them down into reference and action items
- Writing A/B test specifications, creating mockups (annotated screenshots, simple designs)
- Updating clients on test status, seeking approvals
- Working with engineering and QA teams to move tests through implementation along with live test QA and monitoring
- Assistance with organizing and building client presentations
- Account management: fielding and routing client questions and issues, disseminating action items

### Experience and Skills:

- A/B testing knowledge
- Professional services (agency) experience
- UX/UI and web analytics experience is a plus
- An eye for detail and organization
- Good communication skills
- Ability to juggle multiple initiatives at once

### Company Benefits

- Matching 401k on the first 4% of income subject to a 3 month waiting period.
- 100% remote, continue to work from where you are based.
- Liberal vacation policy.
- All the professional gear you need to be successful (e.g. MacBook, monitor, and noise-canceling blackwire headset)
